fix(instrumentation): http fallback method to _OTHER (#8868)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Set error field as `record.SetErr` instead of a plain attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogrus`. (#8776)
- Set the "error" field (e.g. created via `zap.Error`) as `record.SetErr` instead of a plain attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelzap`. (#8719)
- Set emitted errors in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogr` as record errors (`Record.SetErr`) instead of `exception.message` attributes. (#8775)

> - Unknown or empty HTTP methods now report "_OTHER" instead of "GET" across all HTTP instrumentations to align with OpenTelemetry semantic conventions. Updated related unit tests accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unknown or empty HTTP methods now report "_OTHER" instead of "GET" across all HTTP instrumentations to align with OpenTelemetry semantic conventions. (#8868)
```
